SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 36 (#11451)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/advanced/walkthrough-creating-an-accessible-windows-based-application.md

    |MenuItem|Name|fileCommands|  
    ||Text|&File|  
    |MenuItem|Name|exitApp|  
    ||Text|E&xit|
    
      Your form will look something like the following image:
    

>       ![Screenshot that shows the pizza order form.](./media/walkthrough-creating-an-accessible-windows-based-application/visual-basic-pizza-order-form.gif)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ![The pizza order form with a name textbox, and size and toppings selection.](./media/walkthrough-creating-an-accessible-windows-based-application/visual-basic-pizza-order-form.gif)  
```

    |MenuItem|Name|exitApp|  
    ||Text|E&xit|  
  

>   Your form will look something like the following image:  

Reviewer 2: This needs to be indented otherwise the screenshot below renders as a code block
